Parfois, mieux vaut être dans 'marde que de s'faire chier ;; Motto paresseux
Tobacco is my favorite vegetable ;; Frank Zappa
Une cravate c'est fait pour attacher un chien, on appelle ça une laisse! ;; Doc Mailloux
Moi, l’hiver, les douches pis les bains, écoeure moi pas trop souvent avec ça. ;; Doc Mailloux
https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confer ;; Se reporter à, voir.
https://www.cnn.com/2013/05/22/tech/web/pronounce-gif/index.html ;; Animated Gif jif image pronounced pronunciation english dictionary word creator oxford
This Is Your Last Chance. After This, There Is No Turning Back. ;; Movie Hollywood The Matrix Neo Morpheus
Je déteste le gouvernement. Je déteste le pouvoir. Je pense que l'homme, dans la mesure où il accomplit quelque chose au cours de son existence, doit avoir pour finalité de résister au pouvoir, de minimiser le pouvoir, de concevoir des modèles de société dans lesquels le pouvoir est le moins exercé. ;; Malcolm Muggeridge - The Trap. What Happened to Our Dream of Freedom
Les Anglais ont toujours tendance à se plonger avec nostalgie dans leurs vieux albums de photos photos qui leur rappellent des circonstances autrement plus grandioses que celles dont ils bénéficient aujourd'hui. ;; Malcolm Muggeridge - The Most of Malcolm Muggeridge
C'est l'homme qui honore le titre et non le titre qui honore l'homme. ;; Félix Houphouët-Boigny - Textes de référence
Une défectuosité de l'outil engendre la virtuosité de l'ouvrier. ;; Charles Dantzig - Dictionnaire égoïste de la littérature française
Earlier tonight I went out. I went out hard. I drank a lot of whiskey. I wish I could say I didn't enjoy it, that I felt sick to my stomach, couldn't even look at myself in the mirror afterward, but I can't say that because it was perfect. And that kind of perfection doesn't make me feel weak; it makes me feel strong. I looked at myself in the mirror and I finally recognized that person I once knew so well - that person who went out all the time, sometimes just for fun. And now that I've seen that person again, I don't know if I could ever go back. ;; Scandal
Well, some go this way, and some go that way. But as for me, myself, personally, I prefer the shortcut. ;; Cheshire Cat, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Whenever life gets you down, Mrs. Brown, and things seem hard or tough, and people are stupid, obnoxious, or daft, and you feel that you've had quite enough, just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving, and revolving at 900 miles an hour. That's orbiting at 90 miles a second, so it's reckoned, a sun that is the source of all our power. The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see are moving a million miles a day in an outer spiral arm at 40,000 miles an hour in a galaxy we call the Milky Way. ;; Galaxy Song - Monty Python's The Meaning of Life
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah. ;; Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen
Ben, avec la viande tu peux quasiment toute faire c'que t'as envie--si j'pourrais l'dire comme ça. ;; Gagnant MasterChef Boucherie Longueuil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pure_laine ;; Pure Laine Wiki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Wong_controversy ;; Jan Wong Controversy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Quebec_sentiment ;; Anti-Québec - Québec bashing
https://www.lalanguefrancaise.com/dictionnaire/definition/de-souche ;; de souche définition 
I don't trust a man that doesn't have something strange going on about him, 'cause it means he's hiding it from you. If a man's wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it's all laid out there for you. But if he's friendly to strangers and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not he's done something even his own ma couldn't forgive. ;; No-bark Noonan, Fallout New Vegas
There's a club if you'd like to go. You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go and you stand on your own and you leave on your own and you go home and you cry and you want to die. ;; How Soon Is Now? - The Smiths
"Ste'plaît arrête de pleurer, c'pas ma faute si t'es menstruée - C'pas grave ça dure juste une s'maine.. ou deux si t'es une chienne." ;; Jeremie champagne Feat Irlandais biencuit Original song RANDOM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvz5y7_4b3U
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. ;; Meditation - Marcus Aurelius
Do not worry because you have no official position. Worry about your qualifications. Do not worry because no one appreciates your abilities. Seek to be worthy of appreciation. ;; The Analects
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net, perhaps precisely because they can forget on an unconscious level that they are dealing with people and thus don't feel as stressed and anxious as they would face-to-face. ;; The Jargon File
If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car! ;; The Wolf -- Pulp Fiction
Moi j'mords tellement à pleines dents dans 'vie [...] celles du haut: 'sont restées dans 'vie. ;; André -- Suvivor Québec
La nature n'a pas fait chacun de nous semblable à chacun, mais différent d'aptitudes, et propre à telle ou telle fonction. ;; La République de Platon
Une dactylo est une personne dont la force de frappe ne représente pas toujours pour son patron une force de dissuasion. ;; Dictionnaire français-rosse de Noctuel
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember — the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you. ;; Zig Ziglar
Sometimes I go about in pity for myself, and all the while, a great wind carries me across the sky. ;; Ojibwe saying
Jamais homme noble ne hait le bon vin. ;; François Rabelais
Le jus de la vigne clarifie l'esprit et l'entendement. ;; François Rabelais
Lever matin n'est point bonheur Boire matin est le meilleur. ;; François Rabelais
In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there. One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you, ten true summers we'll be there and laughing too. Twenty four before my love you'll see, I'll be there with you. ;; Roundabout - Yes
A stupid person can make only certain, limited types of errors; the mistakes open to a clever fellow are far broader. But to the one who knows how smart he is compared to everyone else, the possibilities for true idiocy are boundless. ;; Steven Brust, Iorich
Expect the unexpected, they say, but once the unexpected happens, the last thing you expect is that it will happen again. ;; The Book of Illusions
You have a class of young strong men and women, and they want to give their lives to something. Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need. ;; Fight Club
You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day? Well, like that - only, instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time and garbage is all that has survived! ;; Friends
You know how hot dogs come 10 to a pack, and buns in packs of eight or 12; you gotta buy nine packs to make 'em all match up! ;; Miss Rollings (Swoosie Kurtz) - True Stories
One of the great challenges in life is knowing enough to think you're right but not enough to know you're wrong. ;; Neil deGrasse Tyson
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now. ;; Beautiful Day
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. ;; Bernard M. Baruch
Je veux rien avoir à voir avec ça ;; Blankey
English is hard. It can be thoroughly taught throughout the world through tough, thorough thought, though. ;; A tongue-twister
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks. Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence. ;; Mastering Computer Typing (1995)
Fret not, my dear friend, for I have learned the truth. It matters not whether one is dirty or clean, for can cleanliness exist without filthiness, and would we know filthiness without cleanliness? We must not re-enact the history that divides us, rather we must embrace that which draws us together. ;; Sponge Bob Square Pants
Sirop ; le sens propre est boire en dégustant, boire à petites
 gorgées ; ce qui vient de ce que le sirop, étant visqueux, ne peu
t se boire que peu à peu. Siroter et non siroper ; c'est ainsi qu'o
n dit tabatière, de tabac, et non tabaquière. ;; Siroter - XML Littre
La question n'est pas de savoir ce que les poètes font en politique, mais bien plutôt ce que la politique fait aux poètes. Quant à moi, au coeur d'une mêlée dont je n'imaginais pas la millième partie, je n'ai plus le choix. Je suis dans la politique comme d'autres sont dans la finance. Je ne me possède plus. ;; Gérald Godin
L'ennui est qu'il faut boire pour supporter les gens, et qu'à ce moment-là ils ne vous supportent plus. ;; Cicéron
Jamais homme noble ne hait le bon vin. ;; Charles Baudelaire
Il n'y a pas de joie sans vin. ;; François Rabelais
«Donnez un ouvrage, écrivez un traité pour justifier la fabrication de ce vin, que la science, l’hygiène et la nécessité conseillent, en attendant que les faits, plus puissants que les mesquines coalitions d’intérêt privé, proclament l’excellence et l’impérieux besoin de cette boisson.» ;; J.-F. AUDIBERT


